Update the metrics correlation RFC based on recent feedback (#124)
getsentry/rfcs: text/0123-metrics-correlation.md

# Motivation

We believe the value in a good metrics solution is the correlation to traces and other signals.
This means that we need to store evidence of metrics on the spans in the form of metric summaries.
These summaries are automatically added when using the basic `metrics` API.

# Terms

* **Connected metric:** a metric that is connected to a trace and not just free floating

> * **Metric summary:** the concept of a summarized metric associated to a span

Reviewer: For completeness I think it might be worth documenting what measurements are and how we want this to relate in the future.

# Open Questions

Here are some unresolved questions:

## Sets

For now the suggestion is that sets are only stored as "value has been added to set" but not
which value.  We do not have a lot of product support for spans today but at a later point
we might need to extend this.

## Sampling of metrics

OpenTelemetry uses a rather elaborate system to filter out "exemplars".  There is a chance
that an individual metric measurement is associated with trace and span via the concept
of an exemplar.  In our case we attach summaries to spans which means that the dynamic
sampling system can evict them together.  However if we were to support open telemetry
exemplars we need to figure out how to sample these properly.

> If also the volume of measurements is too significant, we might have to introduce a sample

Reviewer: Is it still measurements in this case or is it metric summaries?
```suggestion
If also the volume of metric summaries is too significant, we might have to introduce a sample
```
